hey guys what's up yeah we normally only
post on weekends so this is kind of
special you've got two videos in one
week well we're gonna be opening this
package from the butterfly candy and she
actually sent us a February mystery box
to review and I'm so excited I did one
of these last month she asked me if I do
it again and I absolutely said yes so
let's get started so here's the Box open
on this end we'll start this note
butterfly candy mystery box
okay so here's this card and it's got a
butterfly on it dear friend I hope that
the treasures from the mystery box bring
a smile to your face it was so fun
putting this box together for you if you
have any requests or suggestions please
let me know if you love the socks please
share with your friends about my Etsy
shop happy Valentine's Day Tara business
card so in the back is this really cute
picture oh how cute these are rubber
duck they're like cupcakes this one's
like a vanilla this is just like cake I
guess I love these yes oh my gosh
alright guys check this out there's two
purple mini plates and then these pink
mini spoons like these are perfect for
your American Girl dolls her username is
butterfly candy and these are actual
butterfly candies I think this is so
cute and I love these these were in the
last mystery box and they're so good I'm
really loving this box because there's
lots of many things I can use for my
dolls we have this Walker eraser it's
like a cake so that's perfect for my
dolls here is this mini a walker eraser
pig and this is so cute like look at its
little mouth alright so next I pulled
out this deck of cards hearts car cane I
got this box and it is eight stickers
these are so cute they're just a bunch
of hearts and then that one says love I
love stickers these are probably gonna
go on the fridge in my dollhouse so next
we have they're like little mini figures
for the Disney Princesses oh here we go
oh this is cute I got I think this is
Cinderella's I'm just taking a guess
here pumpkin yes this is Cinderella's oh
yes guys
check this out it's a Disney puzzle I
love Disney so much and this puzzle is
so awesome like Disney Villains are so
cool I'm seriously gonna do this as soon
as I'm done with this video all right
we're almost done in here
these are spongebob stickers ah these
are so hilarious I have a bunch of
friends that are like obsessed with
spongebob so I'm definitely going to be
sharing these with them well this is
cool it's like a little paper dolls
there we go coloring the clothes and
then cut them out and then put them on
her hey on to the last things this month
Tara included two things from American
girl and guys I am so excited this
really cute purse sounded open and it's
so cute it's like this gold color and
there's all this like detailing on it
guys
let's just take a moment like these
white cargo pants and they have this
little star pocket thingy on it oh these
are so cute thank you so much Tara
everything is so great so thank you for
watching this video you guys if you like
what you see then you should totally go
check out Tara's at sea and buy one of
these spheres so you use boxes retail at
$15 a piece which is a great deal
considering all the things you get like
guys I got two American Girl things Tara
is just like a really nice person so you
should all just support her and
subscribe to our youtube channel where
she posts tons of videos but which I'll
have link down below so I'll have both
links so yeah that's pretty much it I
will have a new video this weekend but
yeah I hope you guys like this video if
you have any requests leave them down
below and I'll see you guys soon bye I
love you